content updates outside of context are experiemental (#582)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-10-ContentSharing.md

When a `[FHIR resource]-update` event is received by a Subscriber, the application should respond as is appropriate for its clinical use.  For example, an image reading application may choose to ignore an observation describing a patient's blood pressure.  Since transactional change sets are used during information exchange, no problems are caused by applications deciding to ignore exchanged information not relevant to their function.  However, they should read and retain the `context.versionId` of the anchor context provided in the event for later use.

#### Experimental Capability – Update events outside of current context

> {% include infonote.html text='Implementer feedback on safety and complexity vs value of content updates (1) to a report other than the one being authored, and/or (2) outside of a user session entirely. Also, why shouldn't this interaction simply use standard RESTful FHIR?' %}

Author: ```suggestion
{% include infonote.html text='Implementer feedback on safety and complexity vs value of content updates (1) to a report other than the one being authored, and/or (2) outside of a user session entirely. Also, why shouldn\'t this interaction simply use standard RESTful FHIR?' %}
```
